README.md, before:

# nextjs-challenge-boilerplate
A basic boilerplate for nextjs challenge

You are responsible for writing a node app using nextjs. Your app will consist of two pages (a form, and a feed), and a server that reads and writes to the feed.

Challenge: Create a new Github project with NextJS and React that meets the following criteria:
1. Starts with the command `npm i && npm dev`
2. Shows a form with “name” and “message” when it runs at localhost:3000
3. When submitting form, runs a `POST` to `/api/guestbook` and resets with a success message (should show an error if things are missing).
4. A link on the homepage takes you to `/guestbook` and shows all posts that have been submitted from the previous form.
  - A link on that page exists to go back to the homepage
  - You do not need to persist that data in any database, just keep it in memory.

##### BONUS

Feel free to add the following
1. Add some UI/UX features
2. Unit tests (coverage)
3. Code linting

http://nextjs-example.musto.io/

My Steps
* Complete task with basic code example, then create a version tag
* Continue changes to implement css, unit tests, linting as developing ...
* 



https://github.com/amusto/RemedyHealthNextCodeTest/wiki

Commit message:

Added tests, eslint, changes to code and eslint rules

README.md, after:

TODO:
Add redirect message and logic (from index page where state exists)
Add validation to prevent duplicat guests
Add clear?
Update Readme with notes



# nextjs-challenge-boilerplate
A basic boilerplate for nextjs challenge

You are responsible for writing a node app using nextjs. Your app will consist of two pages (a form, and a feed), and a server that reads and writes to the feed.

Challenge: Create a new Github project with NextJS and React that meets the following criteria:
1. Starts with the command `npm i && npm dev`
2. Shows a form with “name” and “message” when it runs at localhost:3000
3. When submitting form, runs a `POST` to `/api/guestbook` and resets with a success message (should show an error if things are missing).
4. A link on the homepage takes you to `/guestbook` and shows all posts that have been submitted from the previous form.
  - A link on that page exists to go back to the homepage
  - You do not need to persist that data in any database, just keep it in memory.

##### BONUS

Feel free to add the following
1. Add some UI/UX features
2. Unit tests (coverage)
3. Code linting
I started setting these to warning just so as I was coding it would still build.

References:

https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-react

https://medium.com/codeclan/testing-react-with-jest-and-enzyme-20505fec4675

https://nextjs-example.herokuapp.com/
